---
layout: default
title: Open Positions
---
**Application Deadline:** *Positions Open Until Filled*

Our research group at Singapore Management University and National
University of Singapore has multiple postdoc positions available and would
like to invite all interested candidates for application.

The topic of the research is on **analysing AI systems** (with a focus on
neural networks), which include developing theories, methods, tools as well
as certification standards and development processes for AI systems. The
deliverables of the work include a unified verification engine for neural
networks, a tool suite for testing neural networks, as well as debugging
facilities for neural networks.

Our research group has a track record of publishing at top conferences and
journals in multiple areas, including software engineering (such as ICSE
and FSE), formal methods (such as CAV and FM), security (such as S&P and
Usenix Security) and machine learning (such as NeurIPS and AAAI). The
candidates are expected to solve interesting research problems and publish
at top conferences. Many researchers from our group have become
tenure-track faculty members at top universities (including Oxford
University, Zhejiang University, and Nanyang Technological University).

The postdocs will work with existing researchers in the group as well as
interact with researchers in multiple research centres in Singapore.

The working language is English. The general requirements on the candidate
are:

- A PhD in Computer Science or related areas

- Strong background in either neural networks, logic, programming or
analytics

- An established research record

- Proficiency in programming is highly valued

The term is from one to five years. The salary range is SGD 80K - 120K per
annual. Singapore's tax is around 3%-5% of the annual salary. Interested
candidates should contact Jun Sun (<junsun@smu.edu.sg> or wechat: sunjunprof)
for more information. Applicants will be reviewed on first-come-first-serve
basis.
